Cocoafish iOS SDK
===========================

This open source iOS library allows you to integrate the Cocoafish server backend into your iOS application on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.

Except as otherwise noted, the Cocoafish iOS SDK is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)

Getting Started
===============

The SDK is lightweight. Getting started is easy.

Setup Your Environment
----------------------

* If you haven't already done so, set up your iPhone development environment by following the [iPhone Dev Center Getting Started Documents](https://developer.apple.com/iphone/index.action).

* Install [Git](http://git-scm.com/).

* Pull this SDK from GitHub:

       git clone git://github.com/cocoafish/cocoafish-ios-sdk.git

Sample Applications
-------------------

This SDK comes with a sample application that demonstrates authorization, making API calls including user registration, Facebook integration, checkin, place searches and photo uploads to guide you in development.

The Sample appication requires some authorization and API keys inorder to access the services provided by CocoaFish. You will need to obtain these values before you can run the Sample Application. To do so, follow the steps below:

* Log into cocoafish (http://cocoafish.com)

* View the list of Applications currently registered with your account by selecting the "<YourName>'s Apps" link from the top menu bar. This should bring you to the Applications page.

* On the Applications page, you should see a line entitled "Cocoafish Sample App". On that line, click on the "Actions" drop down menu then select the "Show/Edit Apps" option. This will bring you to the Application details page which list the keys used by this Application. Make a note of these keys and their values.

* Note, the values for all keys except for "Facebook App Id" should be already populated. If you want to use Facebook integration, you will need populate the "Facebook App Id" key with your own ID. To do so, select the "Edit" link at the bottom of the Application Details page.

To build and run the sample application with Xcode (4.0):

* Open the included Xcode Project File by selecting _File_->_Open..._ and select samples/DemoApp/DemoApp.xcodeproj.

* Create a Cocoafish App ID (see http://cocoafish.com/). If you'd like to integrate your app with Facebook, provide your Facebook app id.

* Modify Classes/DemoAppDelegate.m to fill in your actual Cocoafish app key (cocoafishAppKey) or OAuth consumer key (oauthConsumerKey) and secret (oauthConsumerSecret), along with an optional Facebook App id (facebookAppId). If you are using Facebook integration, you will need to modify the didFinishLaunchingWithOptions method so that the Cocoafish object is initialized with the Facebook App ID, there is comment above the cocoafish initialization line which shows you how to do this.

* Finally, select _Product_ -> _Build_ to build the application and then _Product_ -> _Run_ to launch it.

* Select view/edit places to add a couple places to your app.

APIs Application
----------------
The APIs application under samples provides a list of api calls supported by sdk.

Integrate With Your Own Application
-----------------------------------

If you want to integrate Cocoafish with an existing application, then follow these steps:

* Create your own ios project, for example -- client.

* Select add files to 'Your projfect', goto the cocoafish-ios-sdk/src, select Cocoafish, ASIHTTPRequest and FBConnect folders, make sure to check create groups for added folders.

* Add YAJL.framework to your project. There is a copy of YAJL.framework under cocoafish-ios-sdk/src. 

* Add libz.1.2.3.dylib, SystemConfiguration.framework, MobileCoreServices.framework, CoreLocation.framework and CFNetwork.framework to your project.

* Under Other Linker Flags in your target, add -ObjC and -all_load  

* You should now be able to build and use all the Cocoafish apis.

Usage
-----

Begin by instantiating the Cocoafish object:

#import "Cocoafish.h"

If you choose to use Cocoafish app key, 

	[Cocoafish initializeWithAppKey:cocoafishAppKey customAppIds:nil];

If you choose to use Cocoafish oauth consumer key and secret,

	[Cocoafish initializeWithOauthConsumerKey:oauthConsumerKey consumerSecret:oauthConsumerSecret customAppIds:nil];

If you want to use facebook integration:

	[Cocoafish initializeWithAppKey:cocoafishAppKey customAppIds:[NSDictionary dictionaryWithObject:facebookAppId forKey:@"Facebook"]];

or
	[Cocoafish initializeWithOauthConsumerKey:oauthConsumerKey consumerSecret:oauthConsumerSecret customAppIds:[NSDictionary dictionaryWithObject:facebookAppId forKey:@"Facebook"]];

Then add:

- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application handleOpenURL:(NSURL *)url
{
	return [[Cocoafish defaultCocoafish] handleOpenURL:url];
}

to yourappDelegate.m

Don't forget to edit your app-info.plist to add URL types for your facebook id. See facebook ios sdk for more information.

With the Cocoafish IOS SDK, you can perform all the actions described in http://cocoafish.com/docs/quickstart
